# CC-Midterm-Project

Over the last two weeks, I have been designing various animations, translating them into processing, and then choosing which worked the best for my concept. I chose the audio-visual instrument path even though I sort of mixed the two together; I wanted to create a happy character-oriented sort of instrument. In my project, you use the keys, a, s, d, f to display little animations with matching sounds. I ended up changing a few of the animations and sounds from what I thought they were going to be last week as I decided they did not really fit the vibe I was going for. For example, I created an alien that would fly across the screen with laser noises, but not only was it very random, but it also contradicted my positive and happy theme in the project. I instead chose a dance party animation with a six second synth beat in the background. I did meet my expectations as I wasn’t super comfortable in processing and I wasn’t sure of how to create the animations I had in mind. It felt amazing finishing the project and seeing what I had accomplished. I do need to get better with using classes as I was really struggling to organize all my code in the classes. I had a class for each animation and sound pairing, but the key commands are all in the main page. This looks much sloppier than I wanted it to but I put comments in and indented the code to be as organized as possible. If I were to start the project again I would probably start looking through sounds before coming up with animations as trying to find the exact sound clips I had in mind was quite frustrating and time consuming. In the end, I am proud of what I have done and I believe it conveys my style of art work.
